feat(StopButton): Add StopButton for MessageBar (#272)
patternfly/virtual-assistant: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/virtual-assistant/examples/ChatbotFooter/ChatbotFooter.md

```

### Message bar with stop button

> If you are using streaming, you may wish to allow users to stop a response from a chatbot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using streaming, you can add a stop button to the message bar that allows users to stop a response from a chatbot.
```

> Setting `hasStopButton` to true and passing in a `handleStopButton` callback function will enable the stop button. You can use this callback to trigger an [AbortController](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) configured as part of your API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the stop button, set `hasStopButton` to `true` and pass in a `handleStopButton` callback function. You can use this callback to trigger an [AbortController](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) configured as part of your API call.
```
